Omni Compiler Software RELEASE NOTES

# ver. 1.2.0    2017/08/12
* Change to 0-origin from 1-origin for coindex in XMP/C for the XMP specification 1.3.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.1.3     2017/07/03
* Support square bracket in XMP/C directives.
* Add xmpc_all_node_num(), xmpc_node_num(), xmpc_this_image(), and xmp_num_images().
* Support -xacc=pgi option in XACC/Fortran.
* Improve compile speed.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.1.2      2017/06/09
* Support charactor type for bcast operation in XMP/F.
* Support allocatable array for reduction operation in XMP/F.
* Add option --disable-fjrdma to use MPI3 instead of FJRDMA on FX100.
* Improve performance in for-loop statement in XMP/C.
* .mod files generated by Fujitsu's Fortran compiler are accepted if you specify the --enable-mod2xmod option for configure.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.1.1      2017/02/09
* Fix of bug of coarray features in The K computer/FX10/FX100.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.1.0      2016/11/14
* Include Javadoc in docs/javadoc.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.0.3      2016/08/01
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.0.2      2016/07/05
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.0.1      2016/06/03
* Remove automake from build system.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 1.0.0      2016/05/10
* Support the in and out clauses of the gmove directive.
* Support xmp_atomic_define()/xmp_atomic_ref() functions.
* Support max/min loc in reduction directive.
* Support array section in bcast directive.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.9.3      2016/01/25
* Improve performance of the task directive on a single node.
* Support a full shadow for multi-dimensional arrays in XMP/F.
* Support coarray Fortran features on NEC SX-ACE.
* Support Fortran2013 intrinsic functions co_brroadcast(source, source_image), co_sum(source, result), co_max(source, result) and co_min(source, result).
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.9.2      2015/11/27
* Support the async clause of the gmove directive.
* Support MPI3 coarray features.
* Support xmp_sync_images in XMP/C.
* .mod files generated by gfortran 4.4, 4.7, or 4.9 are accepted if you specify the --enable-mod2xmod option for configure.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.9.1      2015/04/21
* Support major features of Coarray Fortran 1.0.
* Refactoring xmpcc command.
* Refactoring build system (without requiring ant).
* Support stride coarray on the K computer and FX10.
* Support the xmp_malloc function for multidimensional global arrays.
* Support the async clause on the bcast and the reduction directives.
* Support the pack/unpack, gather/scatter, and sort_up/sort_down intrinsic procedures.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.9.0      2014/11/14
* Support post/wait operations for the K computer and FX10.
* Support the XMP_NODE_SIZEn environment variable to specify an extent of a non-primary.
  node array at runtime.
* Support elemental functions in array constructs.
* Support way to call MPI programs from/to XMP programs.
* Support xmp_matmul and xmp_transpose intrinsic functions.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.8.0      2014/04/25
* Support Coarray communication for the K computer and FX10.
* Support the gblock distribution.
* Support the template_fix directive.
* Support the array directive (with some restrictions).
* Support clauses of the reflect directive in XMP/C.
* Support the xmp_malloc built-in function in XMP/C.
* Support clauses of the bcast, barrier, reduction directives in XMP/F.
* Support fully the node directive in XMP/F.
* Fixed lots of bugs.

# ver. 0.7.0      2013/11/20
* Improve shadow/reflect directive.
* Fixed some bugs.

# ver. 0.6.1      2013/03/27
* Supports stride Coarray function. (only by using GASNet).
* Supports coarray function on the K computer and FX10.

# ver. 0.6.0      2012/11/12
* Initial release of XcalableMP Fortran compiler.
* (Coarray feature will be added soon).

# ver. 0.5.4      2011/11/11
* Supports block-cyclic distribution in distribute directive.

# ver. 0.5.3      2011/04/08
* Fixed problems with rewriting expressions.

# ver. 0.5.2      2011/03/11
* Fixed bugs in runtime.

# ver. 0.5.1      2011/03/09
* gmove between aligned array and duplicated array using array section is suppoted.

--
    #pragma xmp align a[i] with t(i)

    #pragma xmp gmove
    local[:] = a[:];
--

* full shadow reflect is implemented.

# ver. 0.5.0	2010/11/13
* This is the first release of Omni Compiler.
